Update Hub Online Sync with the latest UI changes (#3950)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/specialized-guides/pages/large-deployments/hub-online-sync.adoc

. In the field [literal]``Synchronized channels`` click on btn:[Edit channels].
. Page [literal]``Sync Channels from Hub to Peripheral`` opens.
. Select the channels you want to synchronize.
. For Custom Channels also select the target organization on the peripheral from the dropdown.

+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> The dropdown only exists on custom channels which do not exist yet on the peripheral server.
> If the channel exists, the organization will stay unchanges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The drop-down list only exists on custom channels which do not yet exist on the peripheral server.
If the channel exists, the organization will stay unchanged.
```

====

. Click btn:[Apply Changes] to view the summary of your changes.
. A pop-up window with the summary of your selections will open.
. Click btn:[Confirm] to confirm the selection.

> With this, the channels will be created on the peripheral and everything will be setup to mirror the channels on the next regular repository synchronization task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now channels will be created on the peripheral server and everything will be set up to mirror the channels with the next regular repository synchronization task.
```

+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> The repository synchronization will not start directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository synchronization will not start immediately after clicking the confirmation button.
```
